add missing keywords in appendix (#713)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/appendix-02-operators-and-symbols.md

| `assert_lt!`             | Evaluates a comparison, and panics if greater or equal                                             |
| `assert_le!`             | Evaluates a comparison, and panics if greater                                             |
| `assert_gt!`             | Evaluates a comparison, and panics if lower or equal                                             |
| `assert_ge!`             | Evaluates a comparison, and panics if lower                                             |
| `format!`                | Format a string and returns a `ByteArray` with the contents                            |
| `write!`                 | Write formatted strings in a formatter                                                 |
| `writeln!`               | Write formatted strings in a formatter on a new line                                   |
| `get_dep_component!`     | Returns the requested component state from a snapshot of the state inside a component  |
| `get_dep_component_mut!` | Returns the requested component state from a reference of the state inside a component |

> | `component!`             | Macro used in Starknet contracts that use components to generate the `HasComponent<TContractState>` trait impl  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `component!`             | Macro used in Starknet contracts that use components to embed a component inside a contract |
```
